README.md, before:

## Installation

### Built-in Support (Direnv 2.36+)

If you're using a recent version of direnv, no additional installation is needed; simply add the `use flox` line in your `.envrc` file and allow it:

```sh
echo 'use flox' >> .envrc && direnv allow
```

### Manual Installation (Older Direnv Versions)

The Flox Direnv integration can be installed in the following ways.

By using Direnv's `source_url`:

```sh
source_url "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flox/flox-direnv/v1.1.0/direnv.rc" 'sha256-c2YCane8WGmYeCDc9wIZyVL8AgbdfhPaEoM+5aFuysw='
```

By copying the `direnv.rc` file into the `~/.config/direnv/lib/` directory

```console
$ curl -o "${HOME}/.config/direnv/lib/flox-direnv.sh" "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flox/flox-direnv/v1.1.0/direnv.rc" 
```

## Usage

Add the following to your project's `.envrc` file.

```console
$ echo 'use flox' >> .envrc
```

If you'd like to use a FloxHub environment instead of the local one, populate your `.envrc` as follows.

```console
$ echo 'use flox -r=<owner>/<name>' >> .envrc
```

And to trust the FloxHub environment explicitly.

```console
$ echo 'use flox --trust -r=<owner>/<name>' >> .envrc
```

## Hello from the Flox team!

...

Commit message:

docs: add usage example for passing flags in installation instructions

README.md, after:

## Installation

### Built-in Support (Direnv 2.36+)

If you're using a recent version of direnv, no additional installation is needed; simply add the `use flox` line in your `.envrc` file and allow it:

```sh
echo 'use flox' >> .envrc && direnv allow
```

You can also pass any flags supported by `flox activate`, such as `-s` to start services:

```console
echo 'use flox -s' >> .envrc
```

### Manual Installation (Older Direnv Versions)

The Flox Direnv integration can be installed in the following ways.

By using Direnv's `source_url`:

```sh
source_url "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flox/flox-direnv/v1.1.0/direnv.rc" 'sha256-c2YCane8WGmYeCDc9wIZyVL8AgbdfhPaEoM+5aFuysw='
```

By copying the `direnv.rc` file into the `~/.config/direnv/lib/` directory

```console
$ curl -o "${HOME}/.config/direnv/lib/flox-direnv.sh" "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/flox/flox-direnv/v1.1.0/direnv.rc" 
```

## Usage

Add the following to your project's `.envrc` file.

```console
$ echo 'use flox' >> .envrc
```

If you'd like to use a FloxHub environment instead of the local one, populate your `.envrc` as follows.

```console
$ echo 'use flox -r=<owner>/<name>' >> .envrc
```

And to trust the FloxHub environment explicitly.

```console
$ echo 'use flox --trust -r=<owner>/<name>' >> .envrc
```

## Hello from the Flox team!

...
